My Lovely Sam Soon
Episode 13: How to say goodbye to her...
I am Kim Hee Jin!
Not Sam Soon, but Kim Hee Jin!
Sam Shik! Sam Shik!
From now on... from now on, everything is over!
According to whom?
Wonderful! I am also hallucinating!
No, no! Until I am off this mountain I can't lose my mind! Come on Sam Soon!
I mean Hee JIn... Come on, keep it together!
Who gave permission to change your name to Kim Hee Jin?
Didn't I tell you that I liked Sam Soon?
Come on, let's go down. I am hungry.
You jerk...
Since I am used to this, I'm not surprised that you gave me a nickname.
I am also used to this.
You destroyed my dreams.
We have to rewrite our contract.
Hyun Jin Hun and Kim Sam Soon are pretending  to date for 100 years.
Stop joking.
Physical contact is allowed.
Announce it to the world, why don't you?
And Hyun Jin Hun is going to lend 1 million dollars to Kim Sam Soon.
Steadly over the course of 100 years.
Now you're trying to buy me with 10 million dollars instead of 50 thousand dollars?
You can pay me back if you'd like to.
Are you thinking that, when you give me that much money, I will run to you?
Let me go. Aren't you going to let go of this?
Let's go down before the sun sets.
Aren't you coming?
Give me something to eat... I am dying from hunger.
Are you a child?
Who brings choco-pies while mountain hiking?
Choco-pies taste the best when you're on top of a mountain.
Because I am eating your choco-pies it doesn't mean that I am going to sign your stupid contract!
Not even in your dreams, do you understand?
Once we get down, it's goodbye, okay?
What is this for?
Today is your birthday.
How did you know?
Your sister told me.
This is sea urchin seaweed soup ...
Because we are on Jeju Island.
You are impressed, aren't you?
This doesn't mean I am signing your stupid contract.
I am going to eat this seaweed soup to lighten your backpack when we are going down.
Even if you eat a lot of it, it'll be of use later.
What?
Ahh, ahh, it hurts...
Be more gentle, you are hurting me!
Stay still.
It's really hurting. Be more gentle!
Stop grumbling and have more patience.
It's really painful!
Are you okay?
I am not.
Lay down, I will massage your leg.
My pain is bearable.
You shouldn't have climbed the mountain. Why didn't you wait?
Because you are Kim Sam Soon.
If you were Kim Hee Jin, I wouldn't have come.
But my lovely Kim Sam Soon climbed there for me.
The least I can do is this.
You are really impressive.
You are really an impressive man.
It may be all impressive now...
but, how did you do it before with your injured leg?
Because at least I am not dead.
Whenever something difficult occurred in life,
I always said to myself, "At least it won't kill you."
What are you doing?
You're having dirty thoughts right now, aren't you?
Did you forget what our contract said?
"Skinship" is acceptable.
My leg!
No!
Don't play hard to get.
I'm not playing hard to get.  I just have a reason.
What's that?
Wait until I lose some weight.
What?
10 kilos...  No...If I lose 5 kilos...
Then I'll accept it. Until then, you have to wait.
Are you kidding me right now?
This is very important to me.
I'm going to lose the weight, get a massage, and until I say, "Hey, I look good,"
you'll just have to wait.
No way. I can't wait.
Oh -- that's right!
I almost forgot the most important thing. Wait here.
What's more important than this right now?
Ah! Just wait a bit!
I'm not a human being if I ever hike up that mountain again.
This wasn't supposed to get wet...
What is it?
It's my name change application.
It got wet! What to do?
What are you doing?!
It has to dry! I have to hand it in!
Who said you could change your name?
Hey! Do you know how I've lived for 30 years?! How could
you do this to me, you crazy bastard?!  Die, die die!
You bast***!. How could you?
There are more important things than that...
Hey ... do you know what happens to someone who crosses me?
I'm going to give you a black eye so get off of me right now!
You trash!  Using a bowlful of seaweed soup to soften me up?
Jokester! Get off of that!
-You bastard!
-Why are you so strong?!
Hey you bast***!
Where did he go?
Sam Shik!
You're bleeding.
What should I do ...
Remove your hand.
Get down.
Can't we just hug each other and sleep?
I would have allowed it... if you hadn't ripped up my application.
But, I can't forgive you for that.
Are you not going to get down?
I won't touch you. So selfish...
I'm afraid I'm going to give in.
I don't know if I can control it.
I'll give you a lot of pleasure.
When I lose weight.
How long do I have to wait?
One month?
One month may be too short...
Maybe two months?
Don't be like that... This very deprived old woman here ...
has bloody tears.
♫Something is happening to me♫
♫ What form will it take to shake me up?♫
♫But it seems it can't happen two times again.♫
♫ Surely now it's not the case you came looking for me.♫
♫ I've been looking forward for a long time. ♫
Welcome to my place.
I have a lot of rooms there.
Yeah. It looks like it.
Goo  ... Gook Bo ... [National Treasure]
Gook Bo gae I baek i ship yook ho.
Gae i baek i sip yook ho.
Good. It means it's like the 226th National Treasure in Korea.
It looks like this is the place where the royal servants bowed to the king on the New Year's Day.
I don't know how do you say king around here?
Really?  "Hwang"
--Hwang.
Ingom ... That's hard.
Imgeumnim. Imgeumnim.  Oh, so hard!
Imgoomnim. That's too difficult.
No it's not. It's easy Imgeumnim.
Imgumnim.
What? Jin Hyun went to Jeju Island with a girl?
He checked in last night. And he just checked out today.
Who's the girl? Hee Jin?
I don't think it's Hee Jin.
She was tall and chubby...  It's got to be Sam Soon.
What?!  Sam Soon?!
Why is this kid confusing everybody?!
First it's Hee Jin, and now it's Sam Soon?!
I guess so...
This child... I'm going to... What did he say?
Did you hear anything from the restaurant?
He got caught before.   He said he wouldn't do it again.
Then why would he say it if he wouldn't do it again?!
But President... What will happen if they really are dating?
Don't even say something so awful!
You're coming back to work tomorrow, right?
Why should I?
What? Wasn't it obvious?
My work is my work, yours is yours.
I'm going to open a shop with my sister.
Shop?
We're going to open an online shop, and if it does well, we'll open a real one.
What about me? What am I supposed to do?
Why are you asking me?  What you do is your own business.
Are you really going to be this selfish?
You didn't come for the woman Kim Sam Soon, but the patissier, Kim Sam Soon, didn't you?
Both.
Anyway, I knew you were up to something after giving me seaweed soup and  coming  around.
So, who was the X-Man?  I'm dying to know.
I don't know.  I'm not going to tell you.
Acting all sulky ... Who is it? Tell me.
Acting like a sore loser ... Tell me.
Do you want me to do it again?
Okay!  Okay! I'll tell you!
Who was it?
Quickly bring some toilet paper.
You're a blood type B, aren't you?
Merong!
It's me...
It seems...  like Sam Soon is going to quit.
I don't know what the reason is.
But, it seems as though she got into a fight with the President...
Who was it? Ah, who was it?
If you come to work, I'll tell you.
If you don't tell me here, I'll make a big commotion.
The person was...
You should hang up the phone.
I said hang up the phone!
I really want to fire you right now...
But, I'm going to let this go once.
Instead ...
Give me some toilet paper.
Hurry!
Ki Bang?
Ki Bang... That bastard...
Wow... I was nice to him because he got
picked on, and this is the thanks I get?
I told you, so are you going come to work now?
I didn't sign that contract, so don't even think about it.
But in bed ...
Were we putting on an act?
You didn't end it with her yet.
Until you break it off...
Dont expect me to wait.
We dont have any relationship yet.
♫ I am searching this way. ♫
♫ What is good bye's first step ♫
♫  Your feelings, which are not love now, are being extinguished  ♫
♫   and  I'm wallowing in grief.♫
♫  I love you but If I have to let you go,  ♫
♫  even if I'm pushed, I'll never leave.  ♫
♫  Don't be sad. While time passes ♫
♫ We did not know being alone in our relationship. ♫
--Still not answering?
--No.
I wouldn't worry too much.  He's probably busy.
It's annoying though.
It feels like a glucose injection is leaking from my body.
Oh. I don't think I can help you there.
Actually, there is something you can help me with.
Go get some golden carp for me.
--What?
--Seriously.
--They are  meant to be good for women.
--What? Are you serious?
--Really.
--Really?
Quickly. Quickly.
You can get some in Korea.
--You're allowed to.  Don't worry about it. Go. Go.
--All right.
Hey!  Stop! Stop! I was just kidding!
I was just kidding!
So?
What did you do there?
What are you curious about?
Did you sleep with him?
Yeah.
Hey! Do you think I accept your relationship?
How could you rush into things?!
Geez ... not sex.
We just slept. We just slept.
What?
Do you know how much I sufered that night suppressing my craving for him?
And I pinched my leg lying in the same bed all night.
-Want to see? See, right here.
Forget it. Forget it.
Anyway... I'm still against him. I don't like him.
Then why did you tell him?
Because you told him my birthday.
I told him because it was better than spending your 30th birthday alone.
So what about Yoo Hee Jin?
-See, see?
-I knew there was black in his eyes.
White or black, don't butt into my business in the future.
I'm going to work things out for myself.
See , the unlucky hunter who catches a bear still doesn't become courageous.  So pitiful!
You think I'm talking about you?
Geez!
Ow!
I told you not to touch that leg!
Going up Mount Hallyu was the biggest regret in my life.
Wash my clothing too.
Hello, President.
What is going on?
You came back from Jeju Island?
Did you have an X-Man there too?
Who was the girl you went with?
I said who was it?
It was Kim Sam Soon.
Is this guy for real? Are you a ping pong ball?
Confusing everybody while you go back and forth...
It can't be Sam Soon.
Then why did you bring her to the temple?
To get you away from Hee Jin.
Why do you live like this?
Aren't you tired?
I've set you up on a blind date this week.
This time don't make a mistake and do it right.
If you don't, I'll ruin this restaurant.
Have you ever seen me listen to you?
This jerk...
Do you want to see me die?!
This President Na?
You have a long life line.
Didn't the fortune teller said you'll live to be at least 90 years old?
Looks like someone's temper got the best of them.
Please pay for the damages before leaving.
You better be there on Sunday at 3!
Why do you keep chasing a lost cause?
Why are you like this?
Find out Sam Soon's address.
Even if you are busy you have to eat.
You didn't touch the kimchi I made.
If you don't like the taste... then I'm taking it.
Next time I will make it taste better.
♫Because I haven't forgotten the guileless smile , ♫
♫  Our splendid past  ♫
♫   Because I have already erased the breathless tears  ♫
♫    Because I'm thoroughly sick  ♫
♫ Will you , my beautiful beloved take my hand? ♫
♫After you came back to me, like a beautiful flower song. ♫
You have a mole.
You noticed that now?
I know...It's big.
Should I get it removed?
Why?
It's pretty.
♫The mirror blurry with dust ♫
♫ We try to wash it in the cloudy moonlight.   ♫
Why are you eating with rice all over your face... so immature.
♫ Your vulnerable face when you're sleeping.♫
Is it good?
Eat.
Good?
Why?
♫  Will you take my hand, my beautiful beloved?  ♫
Hey lady, why are you doing this?
It's refreshing.
It's not very refreshing..
Do you lose weight on your back?
How many square feet is it?
It's 700 square feet. If you're willing to pay more for the cake shop, you could get another 350 square feet.
If you're going to open a cake shop... then I think you might need a bigger space.
No. Because we're going to open an online shop...
There's no need for a big space.
Why don't we have a bar by the window-side here?
People are going to look through here.
We can have the kitchen there.
And here... we can add a few tables.
Mister...How much is it to rent this place?
It's about 50 million won for key money, and 1.2 million won per month.
- Thank you.
- Wait...
Is it possible to bargain?
Don't you think we'll buy the materials cheaper from the place the restaurant  buys from?
Forget it. I'll take care of it.
Do you know this place?
Hello!
That fridge, how much is it?
I'll sell it to you for cheap.  $1,500.
$1500?!
What about that one?
That one?
$1000.
$1000...
Just use the one we have at home.  Makes things easier.
How can we use the one at home?
Move over.
How much is this?
I'll give it to you for $750.
What about this?
That?  $1000.
Hold on a minute...
Used ones? Come this way.
How much are the used ones?
Usually 60% off of the price of the new one.
And there's one year warranty.
- Can we have it 70% off instead of 60%?
- Don't worry I'll give it to you cheap.
You'll make it cheap?
- I'll give it to you cheap.
-When we have some gold in our pocket, we'll come here.
Come over here.
You're going to pay anyway, so do whatever you want.
You really want to get smacked, don't you?
You're Kim Sam Soon's mother, right?
Yes. Who are you and why are you looking for Sam Soon?
ffPlease get in.
Who are you?
Please get in for now.
You'll know when you get in.
I said who are you?
Who are you to tell me to get in?
But you're not telling me anything except to get in the car.
What kind of person are you? Are you a kidnapper?
She is my secretary.
I'm this person..
Seoul Hotel President Na? So then?
Do you know a man named Hyun Jin Hun?
He runs the Bon Appetit Restaurant.
Sam Shik or whatever... that awkward-looking man?
Yes.  I'm his mother.
Then I assume you're the motel owner...
Please excuse me although it's the first time we have met.
Your daughter resembles you.
You know my Sam Soon?
Actually, I came looking for her.
I don't want to talk in the street, please get in.
I don't want to get in the car...
Why don't you come inside?
I don't really want to do that.
- Then let's talk out here.
Alright.
My Jin Hun already has a bride chosen for him.
They're young, so they must be having an impulsive relationship,
Marriage is a big deal.
It's a promise between the two families and...
You think I'm going to give him my Sam Soon?
I'm sorry, but I won't give my daughter to a man who buys a woman for a few million won.
They aren't a real couple.
Did you say they are not really dating?
Jin Hun, come out here!
What? For 50 million won?!
President...  The boss went out.
Where is he?
Where on earth did he go?  I'm going to...
It's delicious, Mother. Aren't you going to eat?
I ate not too long ago. You just eat a lot.
Alright.
So wasteful... such a beautiful girl...
Should I just accept her as my daughter-in-law?
She eats well. She does yoga.
Sam Soon looks like a pumpkin in comparison to her.
So disappointing...
My goodness...
Are you still doing yoga?
Yes.  I still do it everyday. It's fun.
I see. You really seemed to be the best.
Have you seen me do yoga?
See what?
I just heard it. Eat up.
What? Did it go the wrong way?
I guess so.
You should eat slower. Why the rush?
I'm going to go to the washroom.
That's not right. I can't let it happen.
I was very close to being tricked.
What?
Don't be a step behind and think about how to get rid of that Sam Soon girl.
Why are you so eager?
What are you talking about?
Just think of a dog biting you.
A dog won't let go until you die.
You think my Jin Hun is a dog?
I should've eaten a little slower.
Hee Jin, Henry, Jin Hun
Hi.
You play basketball?
Yeah.
Are you any good?
I'm alright.
How about a game with me?
Sure.
This won't do.  Let's go somewhere else.
♫ Looking around the house ♫
♫  Hidden behind the window and this door♫
♫  Searcing for signs of life but there's nobody home.♫
♫ Well, maybe I'm just too sure ♫
♫ Or maybe I'm just too frightened by the sound of it ♫
♫ Pieces of note fall down, but the letter said  "aha" ♫
♫ It was good, living with you, aha  ♫
♫ It was good ah-wa-aha ♫
♫It was good, living with you, aha ♫
♫  It was good, aw good good good good good good ♫
Would have been a lot better if you had played
So childish... with kids...
Look at your sweat... Are you hot?
Let's go swimming.
Swimming is good.
I can swim, right?
Mister Hyun.
What is it?
You're cute.
Let's go.
Are you crazy?
What are you doing?
Smack me if you want to go. Come at me!
I don't like you. You suck.
Helliya. (In Korean when an n precedes an r it is pronounced l!)
Do you love Hee Jin?
Do you love her?
Hurry up and answer. Before I hit you again.
Yeah.  I love her.
I guess you're not an idiot.
What are you looking at?  Did you also fall in love with me?
Hi, is this the name change department?
I made a request for a name change and  but the acceptance letter  was destroyed.
Is it possible to get it reissued?
Don't let it get reissued, please don't.
With my identification? Okay, sure, sure. Thank you.
Thank you!
Did you honestly think you were going to stop me?
What a waste... Such a great name...
I told you that I hate the name.
Samsoon.com – who's going to go on that?
Then you're just going to blatantly go for Hee Jin? Heejin.com?
Lets call it 'Momo'.
Momo?
Momo.co.kr.
You think that won't exist?
If not that..
Momomomo is okay. That is, momo.momo...
Although I don't know if any of those exist...My idea is foolproof.
I don't like Samsoon.
How stubborn...
Who's that?
Who is it?
Yes, hello?
I went out right now for a bit.
-Right now?
- Who is it?
That scared me!
-It's Sam Shik!
- Ah!
My juice!
You called a busy person just to eat Ramen?
Are you busier than I am?
Hurry up and eat before the noodle turns bad.
Just eat since you're out already.
People like me sometimes crave for spicy foods.
What's your reason?
We always meet at night.
I wanted to make sure if your cosmetics give you the looks.
So are you disappointed in seeing me in the afternoon?
Hm, I do see some freckles.
Obviously, considering my age.
Yes, I agree. I see what time has done to
your face... freckles, wrinkles. I like them.
What on earth do you plan on doing with me?
Let's officially go out.
How many times have we slept together already. Let's try dating.
Look here, Mister Lee Hyun Moo...
Just call me honey.
Look...Just because we slept together, you think I'm yours?
Don't think you're so special. I don't treat any girls like this.
So let's just separate nicely instead of flirting like this.
Although you were drunk, you did like me.
Let's not talk informally.
If you don't like it, talk informally as well.
You talked informally so well when you were drunk.
And how can a girl be so different at night and at daytime?
Are you a goddess at night?
Do you perform metamorphosis?
Anyway, I don't plan to be involved
with you any longer so don't call me anymore in the future.
Can you please let me go?
Then why did you come out here?
Did I drag you here? No, you came here on
your own two feet. It's not like you hate me.
I'm sorry to break it to you, but I don't like you.
I have no feelings for you.
Then what? Was this just for fun?
That's right.
How can a girl talk so blatantly?
Ugh, you piss me off. Why are you such a loser?
You're a loser! A loser!
Am I a loser?
What do you think?
Oh no.
Am I loser?
Oh no. Of course not.
Am I low?
You're cool.  You're the king!
Thanks. But don't suck up to me.
Why is it it everytime I see her my heart hurts?  Reality is like that isn't it.
I feel for you.  It must be hard to look in a mirror.
Get ready for dinner.
A loser!  Really!
Enjoy.
This is how you normally eat it.
Helliya.
What?
You're cute too.
I said you are cute.
I said  you're cute!
Take good care of Hee Jin.  Just like now!
This is a perfect diet.  I feel so full even
though I didn't eat anything.
Hey, Kim Sam Soon!
How dare you anger me? How are you that great?
Are you that great to ruin my marriage?
Why?
Hey, you bitch.
Hit me. Hit me. Pull out my hair.
It's all because of you. You ruined everything!
What am I going to do now?!
Hey, Jang Chae Ri!
I'll tell you this as a life senior.
Let's go to the public bath.
I'm not going! They're so dirty!
How can I go home like this?!
Get up now!
Hey.  Do pretty girls like you ever sweat?
Mind your own business.
Are you that in love with Min Hyun Woo?
Are you that mad that you guys aren't getting married?
Mind your own business!
How can you speak like that to your Unni...
Don't you have any manners?
Always using your hands!
Anyways, Min Hyun Woo isn't the man for you.
He's not a man who can handle a brat like you.
That's why you have to be grateful to me.
Then why did you go out with Hyun Woo?
That... well... You think you have eyes when you're in love at a young age?
Being 30 has shown me the big picture.
No.  What am I saying is... I can't see anything.
In the end, everyone gets tricked by her own self.
Anyways, I pulled you out from a swamp,
so buy me seaweed soup.
You also hit me multiple times,
so buy me, Sikhye (a Korean rice beverage).
Why do you keep asking your Unni for things when I have no money?
And Sujeonggwa (a Korean fruit punch), too.
Are you fighting back?  You buy everything.
What is that?
Min Hyun Woo?
Who are you?
What are you doing here? Are you drunk?
Sam Soon...
The engagement was broken off.
Drink slowly. You seem to be in shock.
Are you worried?
It was because of that call I made...
Do you feel responsible?
I guess a bit.
What?
--What?
--Sam Soon.
Oscar Wilde once said this,
"Men get married because they're bored. While women get married because they're curious."
I was getting married to Chae Ri because I'm bored.
I love you... Sam Soon.
Sam Soon... I love you!
Do you know what my great mother Park Bong-sook says at a moment like this?
Once a cheater,  always a cheater.
You got that?
Does it hurt?
Tell me where it hurts. I'll take you to a good hospital.
Sam Soon!
How ridiculous.. Your couple is so ridiculous!
When did you get here?
You should have called. Did you wait long?
No, I just got here. Where did you come from?
Here and there, and went shopping.
I bought you something. Come and see what I bought.
How's the color?  Is it alright?
What's wrong with your lips? Did you get into a fight?
If you don't want to tell me you don't have to...
Try it on.  I bought it in the size I last remember.
I'm not sure if you'll fit into it now.
Later.
Try it on, so I can exchange it if I need to tomorrow.
Did something happen?
Is that why you turned off your phone?
I'm tired... I walked around too much today.
Wait.
I'll do it for you.
Don't you know this is weird?
Why are you doing this?
Do you have something to say to me?
I suddenly had a thought.
The mole on my cheek...
You already knew about it.
We'd talked about it before.
Long ago we talking about it.
Is that so?
I don't remember.
You must have forgotten.
Something you already knew.
You've forgotten about it for 3 years.
I was under a treatment.. That's probably why.
Was that what you wanted to talk about?
During that time...
I've changed too.
Let's end it.
Look at me.
Is it because of Kim Sam Soon?
♫ At first  your fragrance which I didn't recognize was sensed. ♫
♫
The more time passes, ♫
Yes.♫
♫ the more I change and change.♫
Do you love her?
Oh my world full light is falling
♫She is the girl,♫
I keep...  thinking about her.
♫ What she is the one♫
♫Everything is changed.♫
I said do you love her?
I want to see her.
♫Everything is changed.♫
I said do you love her?!
♫My ashamed heart which was hiding   ♫
When we're together... I'm happy.
♫  will give me everything  ♫
♫ Your smile  moved me who was cold.♫
She may be shining right now.
But...
It happens with everyone.
That certain person may be the special person...
But, when time passes,
don't you think it will become nothing, like we are now?
Do you still want to leave me?
People
continue living...knowing that we're all going to die.
How could you do this to me?
Who are you... Who are you to do this to me?!
How can you do this to me?
What are you that you are doing this to me?